 

PROFESSIONAL  
 
ICT Professional - 
Systems and Principles 
- City & Guilds 

 
 
 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 
 
 
Commercial experience 
 
 
 
Web developing / 
 
programming 
 
 
 
PHP MVC Frameworks 
 
 
 
CMS implementation  
 
(WordPress, Joomla, etc) 
 
 
Server administration 
 
 
 
Object Orientated 
 
Programming 
 
 
Software graphics 
  
manipulation  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
 
 
Gary White 
34 Anywhere Road 
 
Coventry  
 
CV6 7RF 
 
 
 
T: 02476 888 5544 
 
M: 0887 222 9999 
E: gary.w@dayjob.co.uk 
 
 
DOB: 12/09/1985 
Driving license:  Yes 
Nationality: British 
 

Time management 
 
Goals orientated 
 
Ability to grasp 
concepts quickly 
 

PERSONAL SKILLS 

 

 

Gary White 
PHP developer    

 

PERSONAL SUMMARY 
 
A highly resourceful, innovative, and competent PHP developer with extensive 
experience in the layout, design and coding of  websites specifically  in PHP format. 
Possessing considerable knowledge of the development of web applications and 
scripts using PHP programming language and MySQL & SQL Server databases. 
Experienced in developing applications and solutions for a wide range of corporate, 
charity and public sector clients and having the enthusiasm and ambition to 
complete projects to the highest standard. 

Looking for a suitable developer position with a ambitious & exciting company.    
 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
Web Design Company – Coventry   
PHP DEVELOPER          June 2008 - Present 

Working with designers, Front End and project management staff to capture 
requirements for the functional elements of website projects. Also responsible for 
liaising with clients and ensuring that all work carried out complies with standards 
and guidelines. 
 
Duties:  
  Building PHP websites using PHP based frameworks. 
  Planning and conducting cross-browser usability testing against W3C. 
  Testing and validating work produced as part of the development process.  
  Developing advanced database driven websites & systems including eCommerce.  
  Back end development and maintenance of websites using PHP and MySQL. 
  Developing compatible User Interface functionality using jQuery & other libraries.  
  Developing web sites using MySQL, PHP, ASP.NET & other programming tools. 
  Working in a data analyst role and with business intelligence applications.  
  Documenting features, technical specifications & infrastructure requirements.  
  Working with a multi-disciplinary team to convert business needs into technical 
specifications. 
 
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES  
 

  Ability to multi-task, react quickly to shifting priorities and meet deadlines. 
  Proactive, confident and with a positive "can-do" attitude. 
  Able to clearly communicate technical data to non technical colleagues and clients. 
  Continuously monitoring industry trends, technologies and standards. 
  Possessing all-round analysis and programming skills. 
  Methodical yet creative & having a proven ability for efficient problem solving.  
  Excellent attention to detail both front and back end. 
  Solid web development experience using OOP, PHP, AJAX, MySQL, JavaScript, 
XML, HTML and CSS. 
 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS  
 
BSc (Hons) 
Nuneaton University     2005 - 2008   
 
A levels: 
Coventry Central College     2003 - 2005 
 
REFERENCES – Available on request.  

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)  

Information Technology  

 

 
Copyright information - Please read 
© This PHP developer CV template is the copyright of Dayjob Ltd August 2010. Jobseekers may download and use this CV 
example for their own personal use to help them create their own CVs. You are most welcome to link to this page or any other 
page on our site www.dayjob.com.  However these CVs must not be distributed or made available on other websites without 
our prior permission. For any questions relating to the use of this CV template please email: info@dayjob.com.   
 
 

