 

 

Richard Green 
Graduate web developer  

PERSONAL SUMMARY 
 
A competent and committed Web Design and Development graduate looking 
for a rewarding career in the Information Technology sector. Highly focused 
with a comprehensive knowledge of designing and developing the layout, 
visual appearance and usability of a website. Possessing a proven track record 
of successfully completing projects from the concept through to design, testing 
and handover. 
 
Eager to learn, easy going by nature and able to get along with both work 
colleagues and senior managers. Currently looking for a suitable graduate web 
developer position with a progressive employer.  
 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS  
 
Web Design and Development BSc (Hons)   
Northumbria  University     2006 - 2010   
 
A levels: 
Bradford City  College     2004 - 2006 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
Creative Technologies - Bradford  
WEB DEVELOPER (TEMPORARY)          June 2010 - Present 

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C) 

     

Currently gaining experience and building up valuable skills with a web design 
company. By working on a portfolio of exciting web projects for their clients, 
who are based across the UK.  
Duties:  
 

  Maintaining and enhancing company software. 
  Maintaining web components and websites for both new and existing clients. 
  Testing site functionality, identifying problems or bugs and fixing errors.  
  Coding using front-end technologies, such as CSS and HTML. 
  Ensure site usability, SEO, web standards (W3C) and browser compatibility.   
  Working on back-end technologies such as VB.NET / ASP.NET /Classic ASP. 
  Involved in front-end design, site maintenance & email marketing campaigns. 
  Using Adobe Suite, specifically Photoshop, Publisher and InDesign.     

 
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES  
 

  Able to work in a fast paced environment & complete projects to schedule.   
  Proven ability to design, code and build perfect web sites and applications.    
  Experience of creating ads, logos, brochures and other design collateral. 
  Some project management skills and ability to manage own projects.   
  Can multi-task effectively, pay attention to detail and meet tight deadlines.    
  Able to work with diverse clients, either commercial or public sectors.   
  Can communicate effectively with clients to understand their requirements.   
  Ability to meet clients face to face and build long term relationships.    
  Can explain technical issues clearly too non technical colleagues & clients.     

 
REFERENCES – Available on request.  

 

 

 

PHP 

C++ 

Flash 

MySQL 

Fireworks 

 
PROFESSIONAL  
 
 
 
First Aid   
 
 
 
Full Driving 
license 
 
Can speak German 
 
 
 
 
PERSONAL SKILLS 

 
 
 
 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dreamweaver 
 
 
Visual Studio 
 
 
 
Photoshop 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
 
 
 
Richard Green 
 
675 Made Up Road 
 
Bradford  
B9 6TT 
 
 
T: 01244 111 3300 
M: 0777 566 2211 
E: richard.g@emaladdress.co.uk 
 
 
 
 

Good team player 
 
Problem solving    
 
Analytical  

Ability to communicate 
advanced concepts 
 
Time management 

 
 
 
 

Copyright information - Please read 
© This CV template is the copyright of Dayjob Ltd August 2010. Jobseekers may download and use this CV example for their 
own personal use to help them create their own CVs. You are most welcome to link to this page or any other page on our site. 
However these CVs must not be distributed or made available on other websites without our prior permission. For any questions 
relating to the use of this CV template please email: info@dayjob.com.  
 
 
 
 
 
 

