Full Stack Developer

ROBERT SMITH

Phone: (123) 456 78 99 
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com
LinkedIn:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama.

Determined, quick learner with strong interpersonal skills and proven ability to manage positive 
and productive client relationship, problem solver. 

Objective

Skills

C++, Javascript, SQL, Python, HTML, CSS, JQuery, Mongodb, MVC, .NET.

Work Experience

Full Stack Developer
Baltimore City Government, DPWIT ­ September 2013 – 2019 

Service.

one click.

time.

distinct content.

 Designed, developed and kept adding new function and UI to a huge multifunctional city Web 

 Designed and developed a report service that improve report generate time from one week to

 Developed internal details sharing central platform with extended phone app with fast search.
 Built route models to visualize locations and map simulator that generate a precise travelling 

 Designed and developed attendance service and project tracking system.
 Designed and developed a mailing system that could track and generate bulk emails with 

 Set up group hierarchy, which allow different divisions to have their own distinct workspace 

and CRUD permissions, to access all the above applications or services for baltimore citizens 
and city employees.

Full Stack Developer
ABC Corporation ­ 2011 – 2013 

(Frontend + .NET).

 Full Stack Developer Description Create Full Stack web applications using the Microsoft Stack 

 Environment HTML5, JavaScript, Bootstrap, JQuery, AngularJS, JSON, C#, ASP.NET, .NET Core, 

Agile Methodology, Sass, SQL,MongoDB.

 Responsibilities Develop projects from scratch, starting with the idea and delivering a final 

product.

 Worked in Agile and Scrum development environment.
 Use of the Microsoft MVC to create full stack responsive applications.
 Use of Angular to add functionality to the website and ASP.Net to create the Backend.


.Also created a full stack project using Node.js as the backend..

Education

B.S. in Computer Engineering and Electrical Engineering - 2009(University of Miami - Coral 
Gables, FL)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines

